hey guys what's up picked up some of
these shells the other day 24 cannister
shells it comes with this little dude on
the front they are called Berserker from
whatever that brain is never heard of
them
the box looks very similar to another
type of shell I am 100% positive at you
see the shows that these are
exterminator irreps shell looks like
there's a gold glittering brocade at the
red top on it two of who's made of a
fiberglass get some more bite you see in
there that is fiberglass
they are 1.75 inch waters as you can see
they they have a snug fit you know but
you still got some room in there I'll be
using my mortar rank for these low poly
or just some other HDPE to page 70 box
for 24 of these I only because I knew
they were exterminated rear eps buddy
you get four tubes 24 shells there's
some of their facts you can pause and
read them if you want
we'll go to the back of the box steal
so if you want to pause and read those
facts go for it but ya see these showers
I recommend pick them up they're good
shells but we'll be doing a demo later
so i'll be--i'll I will also have a
final stash update once I pick up alas
my last case and maybe another box wax
house but yeah these are the berserker
shells also known as exterminators
canister shell is awesome shells of do
demo so comment rate subscribe thanks
for watching